README.md, before:

# URI Component Library

The Component Library exists in order to standardize the look and feel of web elements, and make it fast and simple to build webpages that look great and stay on-brand.

## What's new in 3.3.0

CL 3.3.0 is a minor release focused on hero and video functionality.

* Adds scroll functionality to super hero prompters (smooth scrolling behavior requires a [polyfill](http://iamdustan.com/smoothscroll/), available starting in [URI Modern v1.2.1](https://github.com/uriweb/uri-modern/releases/tag/1.2.1))
* Updates link text color to comply with WCAG standards
* Uses the YouTube poster image by default for videos and video heroes
* Uses the `vid` value for video and hero component ids (setting an id manually is no longer available via the Visual Editor)
* Updates development tools

For complete details, see the [commit history](https://github.com/uriweb/uri-component-library/pull/123/commits) and the [issue tracker](https://github.com/uriweb/uri-component-library/issues). 

## Plugin Details

[![Master Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/uriweb/uri-component-library.svg?branch=master "Master build status")](https://travis-ci.org/uriweb/uri-component-library)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/uriweb/uri-component-library/badge/master)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/uriweb/uri-component-library/overview/master)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/043fca0aa28b4b2db799d5daacf2d27d?branch=master)](https://www.codacy.com/app/uriweb/uri-component-library?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=uriweb/uri-component-library&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/uriweb/uri-component-library/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/uriweb/uri-component-library?type=dev)

URI Component Library  
Add the component library, including shortcodes and visual editor support, to WordPress.  

Contributors: Brandon Fuller, John Pennypacker  
Tags: plugins  
Requires at least: 4.0  
Tested up to: 4.9  
Stable tag: 3.3.0

Commit message:

Update readme, add badges for Github version and release date

README.md, after:

# URI Component Library

The Component Library exists in order to standardize the look and feel of web elements, and make it fast and simple to build webpages that look great and stay on-brand.

## What's new in 3.3.0

CL 3.3.0 is a minor release focused on hero and video component functionality.

* Adds scroll functionality to super hero prompters (smooth scrolling behavior requires a [polyfill](http://iamdustan.com/smoothscroll/), available starting in [URI Modern v1.2.1](https://github.com/uriweb/uri-modern/releases/tag/1.2.1))
* Updates link text color to comply with WCAG standards
* Uses the YouTube poster image by default for videos and video heroes
* Uses the `vid` value for video and hero component ids (setting an id manually is no longer available via the Visual Editor)
* Updates development tools

For complete details, see the [commit history](https://github.com/uriweb/uri-component-library/pull/123/commits) and the [issue tracker](https://github.com/uriweb/uri-component-library/issues). 

## Plugin Details

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/uriweb/uri-component-library.svg)](https://github.com/uriweb/uri-component-library/releases/latest)
[![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/uriweb/uri-component-library.svg)](https://github.com/uriweb/uri-component-library/releases/latest)
[![Master Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/uriweb/uri-component-library.svg?branch=master "Master build status")](https://travis-ci.org/uriweb/uri-component-library)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/uriweb/uri-component-library/badge/master)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/uriweb/uri-component-library/overview/master)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/043fca0aa28b4b2db799d5daacf2d27d?branch=master)](https://www.codacy.com/app/uriweb/uri-component-library?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=uriweb/uri-component-library&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/uriweb/uri-component-library/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/uriweb/uri-component-library?type=dev)

URI Component Library  
Add the component library, including shortcodes and visual editor support, to WordPress.  

Contributors: Brandon Fuller, John Pennypacker  
Tags: plugins  
Requires at least: 4.0  
Tested up to: 4.9  
Stable tag: 3.3.0
